[docs][mcp] egress ID token for AWS Bedrock (#62887)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/mcp-access/integration-guides/aws-bedrock-gateway.mdx

---
title: Connect an Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway to Teleport
sidebar_label: Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway
description: Set up an Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway for access through Teleport
tags:
- how-to
- mcp
- zero-trust
---

(!docs/pages/includes/mcp-access/integration-intro.mdx serviceName="Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway" !)

## How it works

The Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway is configured to trust Teleport as its
inbound identity provider. Teleport authenticates client requests and proxies
them to the AgentCore Gateway, which then forwards the requests to the target
MCP servers.

## Prerequisites

(!docs/pages/includes/edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx edition="Teleport (v18.7.0 or higher)" clients="\`tsh\` client"!)
- Ability to configure your Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway

> - A running Teleport Application Service. If you have not yet done this, follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An agent running the Teleport Application Service. If you have not yet done this, follow
```
The way the Core Concepts page describes it, each service can be run by one or more agents.

  the [Getting Started guide](../getting-started.mdx).
- A Teleport user with sufficient permissions (e.g. role `mcp-user`) to access
  MCP servers.

> ## Step 1/2. Configure Inbound Auth Configurations for Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Gateway

Reviewer: I would shorten this step heading, at least to remove the repetition of "Configure", which makes this difficult for me to read. What does this step allow you to do? I would make the answer to this question the content of the heading.
